feat: rename "cancel recording" to "discard recording" (#141) (#144)
FossifyOrg/Voice-Recorder: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Updated translations
> - Renamed "cancel recording" to "discard recording" ([#141])

Reviewer: Minor adjustment:

```suggestion
- Improved wording in the recording cancellation dialog ([#141])
- Updated translations
```
